Hahahaha
Linglong
I said, is your husband overworked?
Something wrong with your brain?
What's the end of not knowing people?
Yeah, what do you want me to say?
This marriage partner has to be carefully selected
Otherwise, you will not only harm yourself
Also implicate others
I see you two are not sober
Come on, kick them both out for me
VIP Admission
That's Mr. Davis, the successor to the Mo family
Xie Xianqing, president of the Chamber of Commerce, also came
Bioben admission
Treasurer, Bibi
They came for humility.
The special envoy in front of the humble hall, Lord Enchantress, arrives
You're in luck
I'll take care of you later.
But I can't wait for the party to end.
What do you mean?
I'm sure you already know that for the past three years
Sign the adult busy with the key
At this moment, the adults are already in the venue.
Where is it signed?
Where did you see it on the signature?
How would I know?
Hey old witch
Didn't you attend the award ceremony in previous years?
Don't you know him?
I can't see from so far away
I can finally see the true deity of the humble lord
I heard that Mr. Qian is a guy in his 20s
Then he must be extraordinary
Xiaoyue bumped into the humble adult marriage with a small voice
Our family can't afford it
Okay, I'm sure you've been wanting to see it for a long time
The true face of the humble lord
Please appear